[Zephyr] Get priorities list (#227)
SmartBear/smartbear-mcp: docs/products/SmartBear MCP Server/zephyr-integration.md

- **Returns**: A list of statuses along with their properties, including name and color. Results are filtered based on the provided parameters.
- **Use case**: Getting details about Zephyr statuses based on the provided filters.

### Get Priorities

> - **Purpose**: Retrieve priorities related to Test Cases, Cycles, Plans or Executions from your Zephyr account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Purpose**: Retrieve Test Case priorities from your Zephyr account.
```

Priorities only relate to Test Cases in Zephyr
